The Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini is the
terminal emblem of the mid-range of the
Korean company for 2013 has some
finished in plastic of quite quality
that remind a lot of those of the 4 s if
well the back part creaks a little something
that did not happen in his older brother is a
device with a 4.3 screen
inches and resolution of 960 x 540
pixels with 1.5 gigabytes of ram memory and 8
Internal storage gb though
It has a micro card slot
sd up to 64 gb the screen is one of
the weak points of this terminal in
as to resolution although in one use
daily is not something that calls too much
attention in a negative way
in the back we see the camera 8
megapixel camera with LED flash like
the speaker with a small relief
It is a very handy mobile with some
dimensions that remind us of samsung
galaxy s2 and like the s 4 has
more power than its size
transmit
the samson design line in 2013 it
keep in this model with lines
curves and a very elegant appearance in
its dark color
samsung has tried to improve the
appearance of the mobile and with a
rear silkscreen that does not show
touch
the android version is 4.2.2 hellip and
modified of course by the layer
touchwiz however we have to recognize
that the system is better than in the s4
despite having less ram maybe for the
lower screen resolution and lower
benefits at no time have we
had a problem with fluency or with
transitions
once again we have enough
pre-installed applications and although
some are useful we would love that
samsung would give the option to remove these
apps in a simple way as they already do
brands as they are or alcatel
in the adjustments we have available the
new tab structure of the
Korean company that groups the options
available depending on the aspect to
modify an organization that we like
but that also has its detractors
the front camera is 19 megapixels
and the back of 8 being the latter
able to record video in full hd at 30
frames per second
altogether the samsung galaxy s 4000 is
a device that we liked a lot
more than we expected and that with the
current price between 250 and 300 euros
depending on the store where
we buy has as main rivals
not so much to the mid-range of their
competitors but to mobiles such as
nexus